Then let's talk about the prefetching.
So, if I go to the post route,
I've got a list of posts here.
If I go to slow 3G and click on this,
there are a couple of things that are
loading, the favicon, that doesn't matter.
That's not gonna be cached, whatever.
I'm talking about the data for
this post, as well as the code for
rendering the post.
Remember, we code split on every route.
And so, the code for this particular
route, even though there's not much of it,
we are still going to load it.
Now, cool thing is that because
Remix knows all of the data,
it knows which route is going to be
active just by looking at the URL.
So, that means as soon as we navigate
there, Remix is, like I'm gonna need this
data and I'm gonna need this code,
and it just goes and gets it.
That's pretty great.
So, we don't have to wait for
the code to load and then render it, and
then that's gonna go load our data.
We don't have that waterfall,
that stairstep waterfall,
we have a straight down waterfall.
That said,
it would be really cool if because Remix
knows exactly what I'm looking for
when I click on it, it actually knows
where those links are gonna go.
And so, if I just say, hey, Remix,
I want you to load all this stuff for
this URL, then we can have it actually
all prefetched and in the cache.
And so that's what we're going to do for
a couple of things.
So we'll go to our index
that lists all of our posts.
And on these links,
we're going to add prefetch="intent".
There are a couple options here,
you can also do render or none.
none is the default behavior,
it's like not having this at all.
render is when this is rendered,
I want you to prefetch it.
But not a whole lot of use cases for
that, but there are some.
You don't wanna load your entire
application upfront, right?
So, maybe sort of just use that for stuff
you're like, I am 99% confident as soon as
they're done with this,
they're gonna want to go over there.
So that's a use case for that.
Intent is if the user started to
tap on it on their mobile device,
or they've hovered over it,
they focused on it, whatever,
then we're going to prefetch.
And that's all that you need to do for
prefetching for this URL.
I don't know of another framework
that allows you to do it that easily.
So, now we come over here,
so I hover over it and
it's prefetching, so
by the time I click on it, it's instant.
And that, my friends, is use the platform
cuz this was in the prefetch cache.
Tada, hooray!
Pretty cool, nice and fast.
It's definitely a low effort, high return
or high reward thing that you can do for
links the users are commonly
use clicking on.
So we can do the same thing for
our create thing and for this link.
The other thing,
we're not gonna talk about this today, but
if you look at the root.tsx of any of
these, we have an export called links.
This is for style sheets,
you could link image, or
do a preconnect, or fonts,
or whatever in here.
So Remix will actually prefetch these too.
So you can have it prefetch
your images if you want to.
I think the Chrome web team suggests
you don't prefetch images for
some reason, I don't know why.
But yeah,
we can prefetch whatever you want
to that's in your links export for
that route, too.
Makes your app feel pretty dang fast,
if you ask me.
And that is prefetching.
This is why we bring in JavaScript.
If it weren't for
a number of things, I guess,
then the regular full refresh
every page is like, yeah,
that's fine, whatever, it works,
the browser can do it.
But if we have JavaScript,
then might as well use it to make
an excellent user experience.
Animations, transitions, stuff like that.
>> Does Remix do server side
streaming out-of-the-box or-
>> Yeah,
yeah, Remix does server side streaming.
Now, keep in mind, not all of the popular
hosts will support streaming.
So, anything built on AWS Lambda,
no streaming.
What they do, you can do streaming,
but what it does is
it will buffer everything and then it will
send it, which is a real crying shame.
So anything built on that, but Deno,
so Netlify builds their thing on AWS,
but their edge functions are pretty,
that's built on Deno, that'll stream.
Vercel, also built on AWS, but
they have their middleware thing that runs
on CloudFlare workers, that will stream.
And then, of course, Node can stream.
And this project is already built to,
no, not this one.
But when you go to the Indie Stack,
I'll just show it really quick.
So when you bootstrap your own app,
this is all built in to do the render
to pipeable stream thing from React.
So yeah, it's all ready for
you to stream, and it's great.
And we'll talk about it in
the Advanced Remix Workshop as well.
Yeah, that's where we start getting
outrageously really cool performance
characteristics and nice levers to decide
what tradeoffs you're happy with and
stuff, it's really great.
Cool, all right, so that was super fun.
Thanks for joining me on this adventure of
Progressive Enhancement and Exercise 6.